Architecture

	When comparing the type of work, I was doing when working with Express, JavaScript and the single-page application (SPA), that was all mainly based on the user interface. There were components that needed to work with the back end a little, but in the end, it was how the user interface looked in addition to how it received information from the backend database. The reason why the backend was based of NoSQL and MongoDB was because those were database-based software components. When creating an application, the user has all the components on their computer involving user interface and different options for the program to get information from the server. In creation of the backend part of the program, that is where the database is stored on the server and not locally on the user’s computer. This is where the program gets the information each time it is run.

Functionality

	JavaScript is a programming language that can be used in tangent with HTML and CSS to create various types of websites. In the end JavaScript is a programing language that can be used to create programs but, in this case, it’s used to greatly increase the efficiency of a website. Without the combination of JavaScript, HTML and CSS the website would be plain and too dynamic. JSON is a type of notation to help organize and create a certain data type of the user’s design. Inside a JSON the user can create a datatype that within itself, has multiple other datatypes. JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation. The syntax of the JSON makes the information inside the datatype easier to read by both the machine and just the user just reading the code. 
	When coding in the full stack process, one of the instances that I improved the code to make things efficient was when creating variables of constantly used objects. When coding this website, there were many instances were certain URLS, were used more than once throughout the process. By creating a variable that stored the address of the location this would make the program more user readable in addition to making sure that coding errors were less likely to happen. 

Testing

	There are many different things I did to test and make sure the program was working correctly. The first one that was used early in addition to even towards the end was the terminal itself. It would report when a part of the API was being used and then a error code if it was done correctly or if it posted a 404 when there was a error. Towards the end of the program, the server was based in the terminal and if it crashed, then I knew there was an error, and it would say which file was being read wrong. 
	Towards the end of the program when testing out the API, using Postman helped testing out the different functions that were created to run the API like POST, and GET. When writing the API and editing it for the security, the function to create a new user was made. This was not implemented in the actual website but was used when using Postman to create a user. After the user was created the login processes would be able to be tested. The user was required because at the end of the program, the edit and add buttons were removed by non-logged in users so it would be impossible to see the new user interface without being logged in.

Reflection

	I have learned a lot from this course to create a full application. At the beginning of the program it seemed very easy since it was just basic codding to get the back bones set up. Once we started to add more complexity to the application, I started to see how different add-ons would improve and make the program a more complete product. 
	It was fascinating to see how building on the same program but by adding more and more features would transform the same exact program into a bigger better version of itself. By learning to improve the same programs features and making it more complete is going to help me in the future when working on full systems in my career. 
	When working on this course, I learned that asking for help from my peers and mentors (Professor) is a important tool on growing my skills and knowledge as a whole. When making a program for a company or for work, it’s always going to be a team assignment so having an extra pair of eyes is always a important tool. 
	A powerful tool that I learned more about and helped me grow as a better coder would be using different debugging tools. I was taught about using Postman to help figure out different errors with the newly created API in addition to using the terminal to look at the same issues. When looking at the running server I also learned about using the debugging tools based in the web browser. In my case I used Google Chrome, and it helped me find numinous bugs when trying to code out the user interface when I switched the single-page application format. 


